"The eye of the dairy, the frog's thumb, the wool from the bat and the tongue of the dog."
These are four of the ingredients used by the witch in Shakespeare's ... Scottish game.
You know, it's just that I'm just on the stage, between the backstage, here at the Warner Brothers Studio Tour.
It's a Harry Potter potion classroom.
and say "on the stage" or "that name" (= Macbeth) is reported to be a big misfortune.
It is said that Shakespeare used a real witch potion
and the witch, who upset him so much, cursed his play, or his own,
or, if you believe, anyone who pronounces it.
And the result is that saying "M ... th" here is considered a very bad idea.
But have you ever thought about it? It does not make much sense.
Now I do not think the curse - it obviously makes no sense.
But the witches would use the eye of the salamander.
Witches, cunning people, as they were called, herbalists.
They simply did not make the slices from which they cut something and tossed it into the potion.
It does not make any sense.
In fact, they used herbs and plants, and that's what the "eye of the milk" actually was.
The "eye of the milk" is just a nickname for something far more harmless.
And there are plenty of reasons why that could be said. The real reason is lost in time.
It could be a code word that keeps the charm within ... well, witchcraft.
Or it could only be a matter of dialect, we do not know
but what we know is that the "eye of the milk" was actually only mustard seed,
Something warm and soothing to add to the healing broth.
And that's something you did not have to know.
MOVIES TO TEBE!
Expelliarmus!
... Amateurs.
I am currently browsing Harry Potter Studios
and this is definitely a real stage, which means I would be very miserable ... when I say ... that
...Hi.